Rough draft of redefining dues exemptions (#195)
ComputerScienceHouse/Constitution: constitution.tex

Dues for off-floor members are to be collected during this period as well by the Financial Director.
For any member who moves on or off-floor during the year, any difference between dues paid and dues owed should be collected.
Dues for any alumnus/alumnae in good standing are to be collected when intention to pay is expressed to the Financial Director.
\asubsubsubsection{Rules for Giving Exceptions and Exemptions for House Dues}
If a member is unable to pay dues upon request, they may appeal their situation to the Financial Director.
If the Financial Director deems their situation appropriate, they may grant specific extensions or reductions of the member's payment as they see fit.
If the Financial Director deems their situation inappropriate for extension, the member may appeal to the Executive Board.

> If the Executive Board disagrees with the Financial Director, the Executive Board may reduce or extend the member's payment.

Reviewer: "extend the payment" doesn't read well to me, how about:

```suggestion
If the Executive Board disagrees with the Financial Director, the Executive Board may reduce the required payment or extend the payment deadline.
```
